CNV- 34883: 4.13 - Separate RHEL8 and 9 installations (#67410)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-installing-virtctl-client-yum.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/virt-using-the-cli-tools.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-installing-virtctl-client-yum_{context}"]
= Installing the virtctl RPM on {op-system-base} 8

You install the `virtctl` RPM on {op-system-base-full} 8 by enabling the {VirtProductName} repository and installing the `kubevirt-virtctl` package.

.Prerequisites

* Each host in your cluster must be registered with Red Hat Subscription Manager (RHSM) and have an active {product-title} subscription.

.Procedure

> . Enable the {VirtProductName} repository for your operating system by using the `subscription-manager` CLI tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the {VirtProductName} repository for your operating system. Run the following command using the `subscription-manager` CLI tool:
```
Not really sure how to word this, maybe 2 sentences, but steps that introduce a command need an explicit instruction to "run" or "enter" the command. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command

+
[source,terminal]
----
# subscription-manager repos --enable cnv-4.13-for-rhel-8-x86_64-rpms
----

> . Install the `kubevirt-virtctl` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the `kubevirt-virtctl` package by running the following command:
```
Steps that introduce a command need an explicit instruction to "run" or "enter" the command. See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command
